Illustrate concepts on home (#66)
ambanum/disinformation-encyclopedia: _pages/en/encyclopedia/index.md

### Attribution
#### Another resource consuming activity is [attributing](attribution) the origin of disinformation to specific agents.
{: .thin}

![](/assets/img/home/attribution.png){:width="50%" .floatright .ml-2 .pt-4 .shape-attribution }
While useful to inform the best course of action, this phase is not needed to react. Besides, attribution does not share the urgency that an impactful reaction depends on. Related [practices](attribution/case-studies) and [tools](attribution/tools) are part of forensics and open-source intelligence (OSINT). Attribution brings the most value by linking together seemingly independent campaigns, thus allowing to refine detection and reaction means throught the unveiling of patterns.

### Research
#### Going beyond specific campaigns, [research](research) adds to the knowledge of information manipulation.
{: .thin}

> ![](/assets/img/home/research.png){:width="50%" .floatright .ml-4 .pt-4 .shape-research } [Studying](research/practices) past disinformation efforts allows to more easily identify and assess future ones. It can also be used to [evaluate](research/tools) the effectiveness of tools and practices that counter them. Information manipulation has no dedicated academic field, most of the [current research](research/actors) on the topic happens at the intersection of social and computer sciences.

Reviewer: Shouldn't the image and the text be on their own lines?

Author: Nope, as it they are in the same <p> tag

### Prevention
#### [Prevention](prevention) raises awareness and increases media literacy and societal cohesion.
{: .thin}

![](/assets/img/home/prevention.png){:width="46%" .floatright .ml-4 .py-2 .shape-prevention } Disinformation targets human societies. While research can help us understand how attacks work, and the detection-qualification-reaction sequence can defuse many of them, the most viable long-term solution is to immunize the entire social body.
{: .fix-height-with-floated-element }

- - -

### Foster collaboration and increase impact
#### This collaborative resource aims at empowering all actors countering information manipulation to grow and improve.
{: .thin}

> To do so, it unifies vocabulary, for instance by providing concepts like the ones you just read about. It also gathers exemplary, sharable case studies and describes the best **[practices](/encyclopedia/detection/practices)**, **[tools](/encyclopedia/detection/tools)** and **[actors](/encyclopedia/detection/actors)** in the field. Furthermore, it consolidates opportunities such as [funding](/encyclopedia/funders) and [events](/encyclopedia/agenda).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, it unifies vocabulary and provides concepts like the ones you just read. It also gathers exemplary, sharable case studies and describes the best **[practices](/encyclopedia/detection/practices)**, **[tools](/encyclopedia/detection/tools)** and **[actors](/encyclopedia/detection/actors)** in the field. Furthermore, it consolidates opportunities such as [funding](/encyclopedia/funders) and [events](/encyclopedia/agenda).
```
